# Meeting

#### Meeting Organization

**Chair**: Aykut Emre Çelen

**Minute taker**:  Ruthvik Allu

Mark: Pass

Feedback: There were a chair and a minute taker, elected before the meeting.

#### Agenda 

Mark: Very Good


Feedback: The agenda was delivered before the meeting and follows the official template.

#### Performance of the *Previous* Minute Taker

Mark: Very Good

Feedback: The notes follow the agenda of the meeting, they are clear, concise and note the concrete agreements, tasks and feedback points.

#### Chair performance

Mark: Very Good

Feedback: The chair moderated the discussion while balancing and integrating the input from the other team members. He ensured that every topic is discussed for as long as necessary, and started each by giving a few introductory suggestions / considerations. Even though there were changes to the agenda, the meeting had structure and everything is still discussed in a reasonable amount of time.

#### Attitude & Relation

Mark: Very Good

Feedback: (Regarding the technical support offered during the meeting: really nice in terms of team collaboration and general attitude, but quite unorganised. It would be great to see that issues are fixed before the official meeting, and that progress is wrapped up and prepared for presentation.
For better collaboration and meetings, merge any useful progress before and offer an introductory description so that everyone knows what to expect.)
In general, the team assumed full ownership of the meeting, everyone contirbuted and the overall atmosphere was friendly and constructive.

#### Potentially Shippable Product

Mark: Sufficient


Feedback: Team shows promising developments for both front-end and back-end. Even though there weren't deliverable features, they are taking the first steps and estabilishing a solid foundation. As long as they use the next days to use this understanding, they will be on good track. 

Recommendations: review code on GitLab, not during meetings. Consult the rubrics and the provided feedback, and reflect all task assignments in GitLab.

Note that even though I marked this section as sufficient, for future meetings, this amount of contribution would definitely be marked as insufficient, since not all team members contributed, nothing was merged to main, there was no usage of GitLab for task distribution and so on. But for now, I appreciated both the fact that concrete tasks were assigned using GitLab, and that part of the team had the initiative to do some extra work which could be presented.
