# Code Contributions and Code Reviews


#### Focused Commits

Grade: Sufficient


- Try not to have multiple, consecutive commits with the same name (example: ac8d20df, eee33dac, ea3ecaf0).
- Give commits concise titles which clearly and quickly summarize the change. When a name doesn't fit on GitLab, then it's too long :) (see 8b9c3125, 80bd3536 and 060aeaf0). Commits can have descriptions, but that's not the purpose of the title.
- Please respect the commit name standard. They should have the same syntax as the coding tasks to which they correspond. The messages shouldn't start in a past tense, third person or noun.
- Most commits only affect a small number of files (for example 238bed1c). This is great!
- Most commits aggregate a coherent change to the system.


#### Isolation

Grade: Good

Feedback:
- The way you are merging right now is not fully correct. There are cases when you are not using Merge Requests, but merging directly using the GitLab merging (see commits 7b7bde04, 311c3935, b313341c, ad97b7c7). 
- branch names don't need to include your names, they should correspond to features you are implementing or issues you are solving (you will probably collaborate for them anyway). Thus, what we want to see is that you separate each implementation accordingly, instead of having a branch named after you on which you group a few independent changes for each merge request (see MR 36).
- There is a good amount of MR's, and they mostly isolate individual features (example: MR 33).



#### Reviewability

Grade: Very Good


Feedback: 
- It's excellent that you give MR's a clear and detailed description of what you have done. Keep up this good practice! (especially for complex MR's)
- Most MR's have a small number of commits, so it's easy to understand what is changed because there aren't too many differences from main.


#### Code Reviews

Grade: Very Good


Feedback: 
- It seems like most of the important (complex) MR's have actual discussions which are constructive and goal-oriented. Also, they don't stay open for too long. Nicely done!
- There are a few MR's which have been approved, but not all the questions have been answered. For example, some changes are pointed out in #41, but there are no commits to implement those changes. Please try to close all (question) threads before merging!
- In general, however, it's visible that the reviews actually lead to iterative improvements in the code.


#### Build Server

Grade: Very Good


Feedback:
- The team frequently pushes commits (there is a good amount of build).
- Builds on main don't fail frequently.
- The average build duration is under 2 minutes.
- Failing builds are fixed directly.
- The team has selected 10+ checkstyle rules.

