# Meeting

#### Meeting Organization

Chair: Ruthvik Allu
Minute taker: Aykut Emre Çelen

Mark: Pass

Feedback: There were both a chair and a minute-taker, chosen before the start of the meeting.

#### Agenda 

Mark: Very Good

Feedback: The agenda was posted in advance and it followed the template. Each item had a clear description from which it was clear what the focus of the discussion should be. In the future, chairs should write the agenda with objectives in mind. Even if they do not write the purpose of each item, it would be useful if they tried to estimate what can be achieved after discussing it.

#### Performance of the *Previous* Minute Taker

Please refer to Feedback for week 2, which refers to the minutes of that week.

#### Chair performance

Mark: Sufficient

Feedback: The chair brought up important points for the development process, but did not steer the discussion towards the concrete elements (the big picture). For example, agenda items such as "*Estimating the amount of work a task requires*" or "*Deciding which tasks should be worked on this sprint*" were brought up, but little to no decisions were made. Some points of lower priority were discussed for more time than things of higher priority, for example the scrum points system for estimating how long a task should take was considered for more than the actual process of identifying coding tasks for the first sprint. Also, the feedback on the backlog was only analysed in the meeting after TA intervention. 

On the other side, it was visible that the chair prepared for the meeting by researching topics, introduced interesting ideas and moderated the conversation while also allowing the other team members to intervene. The meeting was moderated in a way that allowed everyone to express their ideas and concerns. 

In the future, think before the meetings what the objective of each minute point is: how can we know the purpose of discussing it has been achieved? Consider the next steps for the team and what agreements are necessary for taking these steps, whether they are assignments or Scrum sprints.

#### Attitude & Relation

Mark: Very Good

Feedback: The team assumed leadership of the meeting, which was conducted in a respectful and constructive manner. Everyone offered their input, although there were members who spoke less than others. While this is naturally caused by differences in personality, members who took less initiative in meetings should be aware of this and try to balance it in future meetings. In this meeting, there were positive reactions to every idea, comment or question brought up. It would be great to see that in the future, the group members learn from these positive reactions that they can be more open. This could also prevent 'groupthink' from occurring.

#### Potentially Shippable Product

Mark: Insufficient

Feedback: There was no demo of the present state of the application, and no changes were merged into main. In order for the team to be on track to create a working application, they should consider starting the development process soon.




